Modify rule S1003: Update description (#4016)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1003/cfamily/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

A using-directive (e.g., `using namespace std;`) makes names from another namespace available in the current scope. It should only be used when those names do not create an ambiguity with other names. Otherwise, it is better to fully qualify the names you want to use.

> When you write a header file, you don't know from which context it will be included. Therefore, if this header contains using-directives, you cannot be sure that they will not create ambiguities in that context. Those ambiguities could lead to compilation failures or, worse, to a different function being selected by overload resolution depending on the order of inclusion of headers.

Reviewer: All the explanations about scopes and global scope polluting the including files are necessary before understanding this part.
So I would move this part afterward.

```suggestion
When you write a header file, you don't know from which contexts it will be included. Therefore, if this header contains using-directives that propagate afterward, you cannot be sure that they will not create ambiguities in some of the including contexts. Those ambiguities could lead to compilation failures or, worse, to a different function being selected by overload resolution depending on the order of inclusion of headers.
```

Author: @frederic-tingaud-sonarsource should be better now. Let me know if you have more feedback.
